--- PRE EDITION VERSION ---

	My interest into exact sciences appeared in the sixth grade, when I was pupil of 1-st School in Grodno. At that time place of math teacher took Evgenij Petrovich Kolesnikov. He constantly taught us to solve tasks using various ways and using abstract thinking. I remember his method to solve some cases of linear equations systems using Euler-Venn diagrams. That was awesome, and it looked like a trick or a miracle. That year I tried to participate at school math competition first time. From sixth grade I have started to take part at different exact sciences olimpiads. At seventh and eight grades, I took part at regional math competition.
	
	Upon admission to the eighth grade, I passed the math exam and continued my studies in mathematical - Informatics class. This year our class was taught the course Computer Science for Beginners. The course contained a lot of interesting and useful information. We have studied the simplest sorting algorithms, search algorithms, combinatorial methods. At that time it was terribly exciting, given that teachers are constantly gave live, interesting problems: for example, pick a password to a file, write a chat using synchronized access to a file on one computer. Such problems were given energy and fueled interest in the algorithmic techniques. In high school I met a lot of talented guys, who subsequently took place at different levels in various competitions. With the help of our teachers, Arkady V. Lomakin, we have organized quite a large team of people interested in olympic Informatics. Arkady V. conducted weekly local competitions in which we participated with great desire.

	In eighth grade I got a diploma of the third degree at the Olympiad in Informatics and has been invited to the camp "Science." This camp is designed for talented students in the Grodno region. Over 3 weeks, 6-ty times a week, students attend classes on the core subjects (eg mathematics, physics). In camp, I finally realized that I like to learn how to create a computer software component. There have written the first graphical games like "shooter". In that year we diligently studied the theory of graphs including structure, classification, methods of storage, the corresponding algorithms.
	This basis has become an important component of my income in the 10th grade without examination. 10 and 11 classes have become a basis for university entrance. During training in these classes, we studied the methods of solving equations, number systems, various geometrical problems, dynamic programming. It was the most amazing years of schooling. I remember very well when on the advice of a university professor has programmed ant colony algorithm for solving the traveling salesman problem. I watched with amazement how this algorithm finds a fairly good solution for a few seconds.
	After receiving first place in the 10th and 11th grade in computer science at the regional competitions, I'm not worried about going to university. My choice was the specialty of Artificial Intelligence at the Belarusian State University Informatics and Radioelectronics. University forced to learn correct approach to the design work is fully learn the material, does not expect to get information out of some scraps, read the book carefully and slowly.The most interesting of the course were: the hardware and software networks, computational linguistics and natural language interface, programming languages, in traditional computers, the logical foundations of intelligent systems, models of parallel knowledge processing, neural network models, image processing, decision-making system, the theory of probability, Physics. Laboratory work on these courses are very useful for gaining practical experience in programming of complex, interrelated systems. On the first and second year at university I was preparing pupils for national competitions, both on special winter training camp and the camp "Science." Also participated in the Olympiad in Informatics at the University.
	Beginning with the third course, I started work at the company "EPAM Systems". In this company I need to solve many problems associated with optimization of data storage, retrieval of memory leaks, the creation of additional modules, etc. Also, I am a developer website http://chavanga.com. During the work I have tried to explore as many different tools and techniques for developing software used in the development of commercial products.
	After receiving a graduate degree in BSUIR, I feel the need to continuously strengthen their knowledge in the exact sciences to find the problem, which will interest me for a long time. So I think it is necessary to get an education at the university, which works closely in the international community. At Jacobs University Bremen received and are educated a few of my friends from school, it Vitaly Bashko, Sergei Kuril and Mikulich Eugene. When dealing with them, I became interested in training opportunities at this university.
	The material base of the university is much more diverse, so I can get a new theoretical and practical knowledge in robotics, learning algorithms, semantic networks, etc. I believe that the study and if it will work in this university, will be the most appropriate and logical extension of my development. Thus, I am very interested in getting admission and financial support to the level of "Master" specialization "Smart Systems".

	
	